Update Region-Enablement.md to include link to new jenkins SOP (#1916)
openshift/osde2e: docs/Self-Service-MOPs/Region-Enablement.md

- Ensure the region is enabled under the AWS account used for the job.
- Request SDA team (#service-delivery channel on slack) to enable the region for ocm account `rh-sd-cicd`. If there's an existing jira card for SDA to do this, mention it in the ping. 
- To run the job periodically on prow, create a new job [in osde2e periodic jobs definition](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/jobs/openshift/osde2e/openshift-osde2e-main-periodics.yaml). Ensure that the desired region is specified as `CLOUD_PROVIDER_REGION` as one of the job's environment variables.  
- To run the tests as an ad-hoc jenkins job, [follow the SOP here](https://github.com/openshift/ops-sop/blob/master/v4/howto/osde2e/adhoc-jenkins-testing.md) 

### Frequent Issues

> -  For refrence, this doc describes all steps that need to be done before osde2e should be triggered. Frequently, issues incurred by osde2e are due to these steps being missed. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jFDa3LB1vmWCnS_G8G_1xGb8Ch4iJgHc_BrR6OsRVbs/edit#heading=h.f5kol9rb0w93 . More frequent issues are described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  For reference, this doc describes all the steps that need to be done before osde2e should be triggered. Frequently, issues incurred by osde2e are due to these steps being missed. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jFDa3LB1vmWCnS_G8G_1xGb8Ch4iJgHc_BrR6OsRVbs/edit#heading=h.f5kol9rb0w93 . More frequent issues are described below:
```
